# Tetris with CreateJS

This is a Tetris clone for the web, using JavaScript as its' backbone and the
HTML canvas as its render surface.  To aid in the manipulation of the canvas
and audio system, CreateJS and their corresponding libraries were used.

It's still very basic, and needs some polishing, but it does the job.

### My personal thoughts and opinions regarding CreateJS:

All together, it took about 4 days to complete.  This includes time spent on:
doing other shit, staring at the wall, reading, playing on the internet like a
retard, etc.  This means that this project is definitely something doable in a
business work week for one person.

The CreateJS suite of libraries weren't particularly bad or anything, but I
think I'd classify them more as a canvas "utility" suite than something more
specialized.  I was particularly disappointed in the documentation though, and
found it very minimalistic (meaning they provided the bare minimum to call it
proper documentation).  The examples I was able to easily find were dismal.  I
think that truly a lot of things fell perfectly into place due to prior game
development experience, and if I had not had them, I would have felt this
project was a lot harder BECAUSE of the way CreateJS does certain things.

Of course it's also possible I'm just a biased asshole and resistent to a
different way of doing things.

Anyway, the idea of writing more graphically complex games in CreateJS was ruled
out by myself by "educated guess" based on my work through this project, but was
also unequivocally rejected by my friend who also highly skilled in both web and
game development.

Tetris is a very simple game graphically, and as such I didn't need anything
overly complicated.  He however, began with a "real" game, and very quickly
realized all of the functionality he needed to make it look, feel, and flow like
it should, CreateJS just didn't have it where it counted.

I guess the analogy is something like this: CreateJS provides you with all the
norms.  Power locks, power windows, etc.  It's a normal car.  Nothing truly
special, nothing really terrible, and it gets you from A to B while providing
you with working A/C.  It's not a muscle car.  If you want to go fast, you have
to get a muscle car.